MTM-49410 As a customer I need a MQTT Connect user documentation guide (#1405)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/mqtt-connect-bundle/faq.md

---
weight: 90
layout: redirect
title: FAQ
---

Q: How to obtain device credential?<br/>

> A: MQTT Connect doesn't support device bootstrap process yet. Please follow [Integration life cycle](/device-integration/mqtt/#integration-life-cycle)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A: MQTT Connect doesn't support a device bootstrap process yet. Instead, follow [Integration life cycle](/device-integration/mqtt/#integration-life-cycle)
```

> to bootstrap the device and obtain device credentials. Having device credentials, please also make sure that they have `Mqtt connect` `ADMIN` permission.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to bootstrap the device and obtain device credentials. Once the device credentials are obtained, ensure that they have `Mqtt connect` `ADMIN` permission.
```

> You can easily achieve this by assigning permission to the `devices` global role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can achieve this for all devices this by granting this permission to the `devices` global role.
```

> You can easily achieve this by assigning permission to the `devices` global role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can achieve this for all devices by granting this permission to the `devices` global role.
```

> Q: Does the MQTT Connect support SmartREST 2.0 protocol?<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Q: Does MQTT Connect support the SmartREST 2.0 protocol?<br/>
```

A: Not yet, support for SmartREST 2.0 will be added in the future.

> Q: Why MQTT Connect doesn't use standard MQTT ports 1883 and 8883?<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Q: Why doesn't MQTT Connect use standard MQTT ports 1883 and 8883?<br/>
```

> A: Those ports are already used by {{< product-c8y-iot >}} MQTT, as both endpoints are working together MQTT Connect must use different ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A: Those ports are already used by {{< product-c8y-iot >}} MQTT. Because, both endpoints are working together MQTT Connect must use different ports.
```
